[PLUGIN-1719] Added ReadTimeout property in all salesforce plugins. (#226)
data-integrations/salesforce: docs/Salesforce-batchsink.md

**Connect Timeout:** Maximum time in milliseconds to wait for connection initialization before it times out.

> **Read Timeout:** Maximum time in seconds to fetch data from the server before time out.

Reviewer: Same comment in all the md files.

```suggestion
**Read Timeout:** Maximum time in seconds to wait for reading data from the server before it times out.
```
